In this video you're going to learn how to someone to Google Analytics and this could be a colleague.
This could be a freelancer.
This could be a client.
If you've created the Google Analytics account for them and to get started then you just want to come
to the admin section and then under the view you can see user management.
Now you will need to be anatman on Google Analytics in order to do this.
So if you're not an admin on the property and view you won't be you won't even see this option to actually
manage the users.
But if you do then you can click in and it's in here that you can add permissions so all you need to
do is just pop in their email address and then you can actually set right here the different privileges
that you're giving them access to.
It can toggle them on and off you can see that if you give them.
They have all the options and you can see the different options and toggle them there.
Now if you want to understand better what those privileges are.
There's an escalation here.
And then if you click learn more you can actually see a full explanation of this as well.
But if you're handing it back to a client well then you really want to give them the top access to really
edited and manage users.
If you just want somebody to read Lies reports and not to add filters and goals and things like that
then it could be read an unwise access.
So it depends on the type of access you want to get.
But all the instructions are there and details about what accesses you are are giving by toggling them
on and off.
And it's really that simple.
So it's a simple task but it can be very helpful just to know to come into your admin section and then
click on user management in order to find someone to Google Analytics.